ginger guy change your life change the
plaque
hey I'm in Manchester Vermont again
doing a run this time to lie Brook Falls
and as I start the run I passed the
trailhead sign that says library Falls
and born pond and as I'm running along
for the past like 15 minutes those words
are playing in my head because that's
what my brain works Falls I talk a lot
about this in my audiobook turbocharge
your life see the link below anyways I
believe in something I call Little Falls
or little dew drops as a way to move
forward in life in really difficult
times that we take these little falls
these little risks and we learn from
them and we might get hurt but we just
get hurt a little bit because it's a
little fall and we get back up and we
try again so that word falls is playing
in my head and then born pond and that
words playing in there too and thinking
about born babies being born being
reborn and all of a sudden this idea
kind of congealed in my head that baby
steps are actually badass I've been
afraid to use that term baby steps
number one because it's overused and
number two because most people see it as
kind of a wimpy step like oh those are
for little babies like if you're not a
big matter if you're not an adult you
have to take tiny little wheat baby
steps like there's short little steps
for incompetent people well it's popping
through my head as I'm running over all
these rocks on this trail and thinking
about Little Falls little dew drops and
being reborn man babies are badass
because babies don't have stability yet
babies don't have the confidence and the
competence to walk upright without
tumbling and falling they fall all the
time they wobble they're out of balance
they're insecure and incompetent when it
comes to walking but they don't quit
they keep trying they fall they learn
they get up and do it again they may cry
a little bit but then you'll get up and
they'll laugh and they'll try it again
and they'll giggle and wobble and give
you a cute smile and then they'll fall
and cry and then they get up and they do
it again they don't quit so a baby step
isn't just a tiny short step with
stability with competence all I know I
can take a short step because I know how
to walk and I'm not going to worry about
falling
so I'll just take little steps no a baby
step is a risk a baby step is where you
go out of balance on a little step so
you're not too far out of balance you
don't get hurt badly you might just get
a little booboo but you're going to
wobble you're going to be out of balance
you're going to fall but you're going to
learn from it and you're going to learn
competence and you're going to become
more confident as well because through
this learning of being out of balance
you'll find your center of gravity I
talked a lot about gravity in my videos
where are you pulled what is your Center
what is your mass what do you attract
into your life that's your gravity your
center of gravity that's your truth
that's who you are underneath all the BS
underneath all the delusions and you
find your center of gravity by getting
out of balance and finding out where
that balance is by learning to be stable
and that requires risks that requires
falling that requires little boo-boos so
when you're taking these little baby
steps they're not just short steps
they're short steps that are wobbly and
out of balance and they involve risk
with just a little bit and then you
learn something from that risk you
collect data just like a child does so
as I'm out here running over all these
rocks I'm taking risks every step is a
risk for me so I have to shorten my
stride otherwise I'm going to get
overconfident I'm going to overreach and
I'm going to go down hard and I may lose
my teeth or break my jaw or a cheekbone
or lose an eye or who knows what but it
could be nasty so when I'm out here I
take short deliberate steps with some
small risk involved and I fall every run
every trail run i go on i fall but their
little falls and i learn something and
my body becomes more competent and i get
closer and closer to my center of
gravity to my truth so there you go man
baby steps
bad ass totally underrated so using that
term now so get out there and take some
baby steps skin your knees get some
boo-boos and we'll talk soon see